[TW-1678] Update admin "Manage product access" for new team CTA (#5395)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/administration/managing-your-team/manage-team-product-access.md

> **[Some team options are only available on Postman Enterprise plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing)**

> As a [Team Admin or Super Admin](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles), you can manage which team members and users have access to [Postbot](/docs/getting-started/basics/about-postbot/) and various [Enterprise solutions](https://www.postman.com/pricing/#enterprise-solutions). You can manage which users can access these product solutions in your [product access dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/products-access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a [Team Admin or Super Admin](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles), you can manage which team members and users have access to [Postbot](/docs/getting-started/basics/about-postbot/) and various [Enterprise solutions](https://www.postman.com/pricing/#enterprise-solutions) in your [product access dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/products-access).
```

Enterprise Essentials teams can [purchase Enterprise solutions](/docs/billing/billing/#manage-enterprise-solutions-licenses). To learn more about [Enterprise solutions](https://www.postman.com/pricing/#enterprise-solutions) for your team, see [Internal API Management](#internal-api-management-solution) and [API Test Automation](#api-test-automation-solution).

## Contents

* [Manage access to Postbot](#manage-access-to-postbot)
* [Manage access to Enterprise solutions](#manage-access-to-enterprise-solutions)
    * [Internal API Management solution](#internal-api-management-solution)
    * [API Test Automation solution](#api-test-automation-solution)
* [Remove users' product access](#remove-users-product-access)

## Manage access to Postbot

> **[Postbot is available for Free, Basic, and Professional plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing)**

Users with [Postbot](/docs/getting-started/basics/about-postbot/) access get an increased number of interactions with Postbot. To view your team's Postbot limits, go to your [Resource Usage dashboard](https://go.postman.co/billing/add-ons/overview).

> > Adding users to Postbot purchases more seats. Learn more about [purchasing add-on products](/docs/billing/billing/#purchasing-add-on-products).

Reviewer 2: "Adding users to Postbot purchases more seats" is a bit confusing. We should be more specific about Auto-Flex.

Author: @taehoshino What about updating this to match similar statements elsewhere
```suggestion
> Your team must have [available seats](/docs/billing/billing/#changing-your-plan) or [Auto-Flex enabled](/docs/billing/billing/#using-auto-flex) to add users to Postbot.
```

Reviewer 2: @akinard-postman Auto-Flex is enabled by default for all the teams. So let's not say "Auto-Flex enabled" as it can give an incorrect impression that it is optional. How about "Using Auto-Flex <link to Auto-Flex section>, you can add users to Postbot without having to pay upfront." ?

To add users to Postbot, do the following:

1. Select **Team** in the Postman header, then select **Team Settings**.
1. Select **Product access**, then select **Postbot**.
1. To add team members to Postbot, select **Add Members**. To invite a user outside of the team, select **Invite members** and a new window will appear.

    <img alt="Add team members to Enterprise solutions" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/product-access-postbot-v10-23.jpg"/>

> 1. If you select **Add members**, select team members you'd like to add to Postbot, then select **Add Members**. If you select **Invite members**, select users from the dropdown list or enter the user's email address the **Invite by email** text box, assign them a role in the **Roles** dropdown list, then select **Send Invite**. A confirmation email will be sent to the user.

Reviewer 2: "confirmation email"? Is it meant to be invitation email?

## Manage access to Enterprise solutions

> **[Enterprise solutions are available for Enterprise Essentials plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing)**

As a Team Admin, you can manage [Enterprise solutions](https://www.postman.com/pricing/#enterprise-solutions) for your team: [Internal API Management](#internal-api-management-solution) and [API Test Automation](#api-test-automation-solution). Adding users to a solution can give them more permissions within your team and access to more features.

> > Adding users to a solution purchases more licenses for that solution. Learn more about [managing Enterprise solutions licenses](/docs/billing/billing/#manage-enterprise-solutions-licenses).

Reviewer 2: Same as above. Please reword this sentence to be more specific about Auto-Flex.

Author: Similar suggested change; what about:
```suggestion
> Your team must have [available seats](/docs/billing/billing/#changing-your-plan) or [Auto-Flex enabled](/docs/billing/billing/#using-auto-flex) to add users to a solution.
```

To add users to a solution, do the following:

1. Select **Team** in the Postman header, then select **Team Settings**.
1. Select **Product access**.
1. Select the Enterprise solution you'd like to manage: **Internal API Management** or **API Test Automation**.
1. To add team members to a solution, select **Add Members**. To invite a user outside of the team, select **Invite members** and a new window will appear.

    <img alt="Add team members to Enterprise solutions" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/enterprise-solutions-add-members-v10-23-1.jpg"/>

> 1. If you select **Add members**, select team members you'd like to add to the solution, then select **Add Members**. If you select **Invite members**, select users from the dropdown list or enter the users' email addresses the **Invite by email** text box, assign them a role in the **Roles** dropdown list, then select **Send Invite**. A confirmation email will be sent to the user.

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

### Internal API Management solution

You can add users to the [Internal API Management solution](https://www.postman.com/solutions/internal-api-management/) for access to the [API Builder](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/the-api-workflow/), the [Private API Network](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/private-api-network/adding-private-network/), and [API Governance](https://learning.postman.com/docs/api-governance/api-governance-overview/).

When you add users to the Internal API Management solution:

> * You can then assign them the [API Network Manager and API Governance Manager](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles) roles. Learn how to [manage team roles](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/manage-team-members/#manage-team-roles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can assign them the [API Network Manager and API Governance Manager](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles) roles. Learn how to [manage team roles](/docs/administration/managing-your-team/manage-team-members/#manage-team-roles).
```

> * The users included in this solution can publish or request to publish changes to the Private API Network, while the rest of the team can consume and read from the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The added users can publish or request to publish changes to the Private API Network, while the rest of the team can consume and read from the network.
```

> * The users added to this solution can be assigned the [API Editor](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#api-roles) role in Postman APIs, enabling them to create and edit an unlimited amount of APIs. Users not added to this solution have the [API Viewer](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#api-roles) role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can assign them the [API Editor](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#api-roles) role in Postman APIs, enabling them to create and edit an unlimited amount of APIs. Users not added to this solution have the [API Viewer](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#api-roles) role.
```

>     > If users are assigned the API Editor role in the [API Builder](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/the-api-workflow/) and you add at least one user to the Internal API Management solution, users who aren't added to this solution will no longer be assigned the API Editor role. They'll be assigned the API Viewer role.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is extremely hard to understand. Please modify.

Author: What about:
> Assigning at least one user to the Internal Management Solution will reassign users who aren't assigned to the solution to the API Viewer role, even if they were API Editors.

Reviewer 2: I tested this behaviour on stage team and found the following:
1. If a team has a purchased Int API mgmt solution seat, unassigned members cannot edit/create API
2. If a team does not have a purchased Int API mgmt solution seat, they can edit/create API. However upon assigning a user to Int API mgmt solution(via Auto-Flex), everyone else loses edit access. 
So the current description only captures case 2. 

I feel including this logic would just be confusing rather than adding a value, thus I would suggest removing this part completely. Please let me know your thoughts.

Author: @taehoshino I think that this statement is intended to capture case 2 because case 1 appears to be outlined in the list that precedes this callout:

When you add users to the Internal API Management solution:
- You can assign them the API Network Manager and API Governance Manager roles. Learn how to manage team roles.
- The added users can publish or request to publish changes to the Private API Network, while the rest of the team can consume and read from the network.
- You can assign them the API Editor role in Postman APIs, enabling them to create and edit an unlimited amount of APIs. Users not added to this solution have the API Viewer role.

I would be concerned about removing the statement altogether because not mentioning the behavior may cause user confusion. @jkonrath-postman Do you think we should remove the callout?

Reviewer 2: @akinard-postman Not sure if case 1 is clearly communicated in the list. So the behaviour is:
- When a team doesn't have any purchased or Auto-Flex licenses for this solution, everyone can edit/create API. 
- As soon as a team purchases a license or consumes Auto-Flex license, non-assigned members lose edit access. 

However provided that the limit of APIs that can be created is 3 for all the teams without this solution, I believe we are expecting teams who require to work with APIs to purchase this solution. So I think we can ignore the editor access users had before they purchase any solution seat and simply convey "if you want to create or edit APIs, you need to be added to the solution".

Author: Thanks @taehoshino! What about changing the section as follows:

When you add users to the Internal API Management solution:
- You can assign them the **API Editor** role in Postman APIs, enabling them to create and edit an unlimited amount of APIs.
- You can assign them the API Network Manager and API Governance Manager roles. Learn how to manage team roles.
- They can publish or request to publish changes to the Private API Network.

In the third item I removed "while the rest of the team can consume and read".

Reviewer 2: LGTM! Thanks @akinard-postman !

Author: Updated in 2abe569c864b5103b9e482be704c6e0d31c1f5b9

### API Test Automation solution

You can add users to the [API Test Automation solution](https://www.postman.com/solutions/api-test-automation/) to increase their usage limits for the [Collection Runner](/docs/collections/running-collections/intro-to-collection-runs/) and [monitors](/docs/monitoring-your-api/intro-monitors/).

When you add users to the API Test Automation solution:

* Added users get unlimited collections runs with the Collection Runner. You can [run collections on a schedule](/docs/collections/running-collections/scheduling-collection-runs/) to automate API tests.

> * Added users get increased usage limits for monitors. You can [run collections on a schedule with monitors](/docs/collections/running-collections/scheduling-collection-runs-monitors/) to automate reports on API tests, and more. Learn more about [monitor use cases](/docs/monitoring-your-api/intro-monitors/#monitor-use-cases).

Reviewer 2: monitors and mocks?

Author: Could you elaborate this question?

Reviewer 2: Adding users get increased usage limits for both monitors and mocks. You can also expand on Mock use cases.

## Remove users' product access

> To remove users a product, hover over their name and select the delete icon <img alt="Delete icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-delete-v9.jpg#icon" width="12px">.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To remove users from a product, hover over their name and select the delete icon <img alt="Delete icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-delete-v9.jpg#icon" width="12px">.
```

Author: Oh, thanks for catching that!
